Aura Agent: Add Microsoft Copilot Studio MCP integration docs (#1040)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/aura-agent.adoc

When enabled, Claude will use your Aura Agent when appropriate.
The first time the agent is invoked, Claude asks for permission to use the agent.

==== Set up with Microsoft Copilot Studio

> Start by making your agent external and enabling MCP server (see above), then copy the MCP server endpoint from the *[...]* menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by making your agent public and enable MCP server, as described above, and copy the MCP server endpoint accordingly.
```
For consistency

[NOTE]
====

> Copilot Studio's Streamable HTTP runtime strips all query parameters from outgoing requests.

Reviewer: This is too long to be an admonition. I'd suggest just removing the [NOTE] and use *bold* in you want to add emphasis to anything in particular.

Author: I've broken it down into couple of paragraphs, removed some of the previous wording as I found you don't have to craft the base url as MS Copilot Studio just removes stuff anyhow...

Also added some things about auth I realised I'd missed!

Note that the parameter names use hyphens (`project-id`, `agent-id`), not underscores.
+
The result should look similar to the following:
+
[source,yaml]
----
swagger: '2.0'
info:
  title: My Movie Database MCP Server Connection
  description: Get information on movies, actors and directors
  version: 1.0.0
host: mcp.neo4j.io
basePath: /
schemes:
  - https
paths:
  /agent:
    post:
      responses:
        '200':
          description: Immediate Response
      x-ms-agentic-protocol: mcp-streamable-1.0
      operationId: InvokeServer
      summary: My Movie Database MCP Server Connection
      description: Get information on movies, actors and directors
      parameters:
        - name: project-id
          in: header
          required: true
          type: string
          description: The specific project ID context
          default: <project_id>
          x-ms-visibility: internal
        - name: agent-id
          in: header
          required: true
          type: string
          description: The executing agent context
          default: <agent_id>
          x-ms-visibility: internal
securityDefinitions: {}
security: []
----

. Save and verify
+

> Select *Update connector* to save your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use *Update connector* to save your changes.
```

When enabled, Claude will use your Aura Agent when appropriate.
The first time the agent is invoked, Claude asks for permission to use the agent.

==== Set up with Microsoft Copilot Studio

Start by making your agent public and enable MCP server, as described above, and copy the MCP server endpoint accordingly.

[NOTE]
====
Copilot Studio's Streamable HTTP runtime strips all query parameters from outgoing requests.

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Your MCP endpoint URL contains `project_id` and `agent_id` as query parameters. These pieces of information are *crucial* for the MCP server endpoint to be able to *identify* your project and agent.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that Copilot Studio's Streamable HTTP runtime *strips all query parameters* from outgoing requests.
```

> *Note the two values from the query string before proceeding.* We'll need them later to add as headers to requests made from Copilot Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Therefore, make sure to note the two values from the query string before proceeding.* 
You will need them later to add as headers to requests made from Copilot Studio.
```

. Add the MCP server in Copilot Studio
+
In link:https://copilotstudio.microsoft.com[Copilot Studio], open your agent and go to *Tools* > *Add a tool* > *Add an MCP server*.
Enter the *MCP endpoint URL* and follow the wizard to connect. 
+
For authentication choose *OAuth 2.0* > *Dynamic Discovery*.
Authenticate with the same credentials you use to log in to the Aura Console.
+
Copilot Studio creates a Power Apps custom connector in the background.
+

. Edit the custom connector in Power Apps
+
Sign in to link:https://make.powerapps.com[Power Apps].
From the left navigation, select *Data* > *Custom connectors* and find the connector that Copilot Studio just created.

> (You may need to click *More* > *Discover all* to find the *Custom connectors* menu.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(You may need to go to *More* > *Discover all* to find the *Custom connectors* menu.)
```

> Open it for editing and press the toggle to enable *Swagger editor*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open it for editing and enable *Swagger editor*.
```
